A kind-hearted street urchin Aladdin vies for the love of the beautiful princess Jasmine, the princess of Agrabah. When he finds a magic lamp, he uses a genie's magic power to make himself a prince in order to marry her. He is also on a mission to stop the powerful Jafar who plots to steal the magic lamp that could make his deepest wishes come true.


 Jafar is a really mean person. No one likes Jafar. He is mean. Some say that Jafar likes to be mean to kittens. What a jerk. Sometimes Jafar drops garbage in lecture hall and doesn't pick it up. He also doesn't cover his mouth when he sneezes.
 
 Jafar actually has a twin brother named Poseidon. His brother is a world renowned comdeian and loves to joke aorund with people regularly. Sometimes the brother takes it too far though, and gets himself in trouble, this is when his older brother Jafar has to come and bust him out of trouble. One time Poseidon cracked a joke about the crowned prince in front of dozens of stunnigly beautiful princesses and angered the prince. What happened next is a story for the records.


The prince and the princesses decided to hang him but only after torturing him by letting wild rats lose on him and by skinning him alive. They wanted the shouts to be heard by all of Agrabah so that no one ever dares to call the royals anything but human gods. Jafar tried his vvery best to save his poor but stupid  brother but it was all in vain. Even Jafar heard the chilling screams of Poseidon but chose to stay drunk as he wouldn't have been able to bear the pain otherwise. That was the day Jafar decided that he was going to get revenge on the crown for his poor brother who was tortured so brutally just for making light jokes on the pompous princes and princesses.

Unfortunately, Jafar would run into some problems with that. For one, the royalty were heavily protected. There were armies that he would need to get through, by brute force or some
other way. And clearly brute force was out of the question. He ended up deciding that it would be best to try to disguise himself as a soldier and go after alladin. When the time came,
he began his plan. Unfortunately for him, on the way to the price he stumbled, hit his head, and ended up going to sleep for good on the side of the road.

The story is told by wrestlers to their grandson's nephews. The story of mean Jafar and how he thought he could conquer the world along with other stories of how he loved doodling and watching netflix         
